packages/ng-helper-vscode/README.md, before:


# ng-helper - The Perfect Assistant for Angular.js with TypeScript Development

[![lint & tsc & unit-test](https://github.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/actions/workflows/check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/actions/workflows/check.yml)

> [中文文档](https://github.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/blob/main/packages/ng-helper-vscode/README.zh_cn.md)

ng-helper enhances the efficiency of Angular.js development, especially when used with TypeScript. It provides convenient features such as auto-completion for ng-* directives and data binding in HTML, hover type hints, injection validation in ts files, right-click context menu for creating components, and more.

![demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/main/resources/demo.gif)

## Features

- [x] `ng-*` directive auto-completion
- [x] Custom directive tags/attributes: auto-completion, hover hints, go to definition
- [x] Custom component tags/attributes: auto-completion, hover hints, go to definition
- [ ] Custom filter: auto-completion, hover hints, go to definition
- [x] HTML syntax highlighting, supporting inline HTML (including syntax highlighting, auto-completion, hover hints, Go to definition)
- [x] Jump from 'templateUrl' to the corresponding HTML
- [x] Right-click menu to create components
- [x] Dependency injection matching validation
  - [x] `TypeScript` code
  - [x] `JavaScript` code

> The following features require `TypeScript` support:
- [x] Data binding: auto-completion, hover type hints, go to definition


## Requirements

* Requires TypeScript, supporting TypeScript 3.5.3+
* vscode 1.80.0+

## Installation

1. Install the extension
2. Create an empty `ng-helper.json` file in the `.vscode` directory of your workspace(***This file is a plugin startup flag, without which the plugin will not start***)
3. Restart vscode

## Extension Settings

Create an empty `ng-helper.json` file in the `.vscode` directory of your workspace. It supports the following configuration:

* `componentStyleFileExt`: The suffix for the style file when creating a component, such as `less`, `sass`, etc. The default value is `css`.
* `componentScriptFileExt`: `js` or `ts`. The default value is `js`.
* `injectionCheckMode`: The modes for dependency injection check include `strict_equal`, `ignore_case_word_match`, `count_match`, and `off`, with constraints ranging from strict to none. The default value is `count_match`.

## Known Issues

When using data binding auto-completion in the component template, it may not work if no ts file has been opened for preview after the project is opened. This can cause the TypeScript language service to not start, resulting in no auto-completion. In this case, an error message will pop up in the lower right corner. Click OK, and a ts file will automatically open. After that, return to the HTML file, and the auto-completion should work normally.

Commit message:

change ts server not running tips level from error to warning

packages/ng-helper-vscode/README.md, after:


# ng-helper - The Perfect Assistant for Angular.js with TypeScript Development

[![lint & tsc & unit-test](https://github.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/actions/workflows/check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/actions/workflows/check.yml)

> [中文文档](https://github.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/blob/main/packages/ng-helper-vscode/README.zh_cn.md)

ng-helper enhances the efficiency of Angular.js development, especially when used with TypeScript. It provides convenient features such as auto-completion for ng-* directives and data binding in HTML, hover type hints, injection validation in ts files, right-click context menu for creating components, and more.

![demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/huanguolin/ng-helper/main/resources/demo.gif)

## Features

- [x] `ng-*` directive auto-completion
- [x] Custom directive tags/attributes: auto-completion, hover hints, go to definition
- [x] Custom component tags/attributes: auto-completion, hover hints, go to definition
- [ ] Custom filter: auto-completion, hover hints, go to definition
- [x] HTML syntax highlighting, supporting inline HTML (including syntax highlighting, auto-completion, hover hints, Go to definition)
- [x] Jump from 'templateUrl' to the corresponding HTML
- [x] Right-click menu to create components
- [x] Dependency injection matching validation
  - [x] `TypeScript` code
  - [x] `JavaScript` code

> The following features require `TypeScript` support:
- [x] Data binding: auto-completion, hover type hints, go to definition


## Requirements

* Requires TypeScript, supporting TypeScript 3.5.3+
* vscode 1.80.0+

## Installation

1. Install the extension
2. Create an empty `ng-helper.json` file in the `.vscode` directory of your workspace(***This file is a plugin startup flag, without which the plugin will not start***)
3. Restart vscode

## Extension Settings

Create an empty `ng-helper.json` file in the `.vscode` directory of your workspace. It supports the following configuration:

* `componentStyleFileExt`: The suffix for the style file when creating a component, such as `less`, `sass`, etc. The default value is `css`.
* `componentScriptFileExt`: `js` or `ts`. The default value is `js`.
* `injectionCheckMode`: The modes for dependency injection check include `strict_equal`, `ignore_case_word_match`, `count_match`, and `off`, with constraints ranging from strict to none. The default value is `count_match`.

## Known Issues

When using feature like auto-completion in the html template, it may not work if no ts/js file has been opened for preview after the project is opened. This can cause the TypeScript language service to not start, resulting in no auto-completion. In this case, an warning message will pop up in the lower right corner. Click OK, and a ts/js file will automatically open. After that, return to the HTML file, and the auto-completion should work normally.
